c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.g.resources
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erduran\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\FacebookLogin.g.cs
